## Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF)

#### Description

A Cross-site Request Forgery (CSRF) attack is one in which the user's browser is hijacking in order to submit a request to another website they are authenticated on. They occur as a result of unprotected requests that can change the state without requiring direct user input. For example, if a form/request on a bank website to add money to their bank account is not protected by CSRF, an attacker could create an unrelated page, and submit a request to that endpoint when the user loads the attacker's page. Since the user's browser has a valid session cookie, the request would occur without the user even being aware anything had happened!

CSRF attacks are sometimes thought of as being only applicable to GET requests, but POST requests work just as well. A user simply needs to be manipulated into visiting a malicious website or clicking a malicious link to fall victim to the attack.

#### Problem
POST URL: http://localhost:8081/update_settings

In node.nV application, there is no CSRF protection. Attackers could leverage a CSRF attack to exploit administrative functionality.

### Walkthrough
1. Create an HTML page with the code below
2. Host the page created in step one on a private server.
3. Supply the URL to the vulnerable page to user `superhacker` with and active session open (while they are authenticated).
4. If the `superhacker` presses the button, than the code will execute, and the passsword for `superhacker` will have been changed to `password123`

### Code for step 1 above:

```
 <html>
   <!-- CSRF PoC - generated by Burp Suite Professional -->
   <body>
     <form action="http://localhost:8081/update_settings" method="POST">
       <input type="hidden" name="password" value="password123" />
       <input type="submit" value="Submit request" />
     </form>
   </body>
 </html>
 ```


#### Solution

*BE AWARE, ONCE ENABLED, CSRF PROTECTION IS ENABLED EVERYWHERE BY DEFAULT AND THINGS WON'T WORK UNTIL YOU PASS A CSRF TOKEN WITH EVERY POST REQUEST". 

There are several ways to prevent CSRF attacks on your application. The most straightforward method is to use a "synchronizer token" with any request that changes state in your application. This involves creating a unique token and attaching it to every HTML form or AJAX call sent to the user. If the user wishes to then make a state-modifying request, they will have to attach the token they were just sent. The server verifies that the token was sent to the user, and only then accepts the request.


server.js

```
var csrf = require('csurf');
app.use(csrf());

```

routes/UIRoutes.js

```
exports.settings = function(req, res) {
	res.render("settings.ejs", { user: req.user, csrf: req.csrfToken() });
}
```

Add to the form within views/settings.ejs

```
	<form id="job-main-form" method="post" action="/update_settings" class="job-add-form">
	  <input type="hidden" name="_csrf"  value="#{csrf}">
	
```